Name: Xinshuo Zhang
USC ID: 9223940666
This Assignment: Built an client-scheduler-hospital communication system, which, given a map.txt file, allows 
                 client to send queries with his or her location included to the scheduler through udp, and 
                 the scheduler would assign the client to one of Hospital A/B/C according to their distance
                 from the client and their availability.  The communication between scheduler and hospitals 
                 are don through tcp.
Code Files:
            *scheduler.cpp: Set up udp connections with hospitals and tcp connection with client for information
                            exchange.  Specifically, scheduler receives capacity and occupancy data from each
                            hospital, and location information from client.  After receiving location information
                            from client, scheduler send the location of current client to all hospitals, and wait
                            for the score and distance information sent back from all hospitals.  Then the scheduler
                            assign current client to the hospital with the highest score.  If there is a tie, then 
                            assign the client to the closest hospital.
            *hospitalA/B/C.cpp: Communicate with scheudler over udp protocal.  Read location, capacity and initial 
                            occupancy information from command line, and send capacity and occupancy information to
                            scheduler.  After receiving client location information from scheduler, hospital finds
                            the shortest path between client and itself, and calculate the distance.  Then it sends
                            the score, which is calculated according to its availability and distance to client, 
                            back to scheduler.  At last, it waits for assignment from scheduler and updates its 
                            occupancy and availability if assigned.
            *client.cpp:    Read location info from command line and send the location info to scheduler using tcp.
                            After scheduler sends back the corresponding assignment information, client prints out
                            his or her assigned hospital and closes the tcp connection.
Format of messages exchanged: char*
Idiosyncrasy: None
Reused code: part of the functions, which includes send_loc_to_scheduler in client.cpp, udp_port_setup in hospitalA/B/C.cpp
             are edited from beej's tutorial